Add /rows docs (#1266)
huggingface/datasets-server: docs/source/rows.mdx

def query():
    response = requests.get(API_URL, headers=headers)
    return response.json()
data = query()
```
</python>
<js>
```js
import fetch from "node-fetch";
async function query(data) {
    const response = await fetch(
        "https://datasets-server.huggingface.co/first-rows?dataset=duorc&config=SelfRC&split=train&offset=0&length=100",
        {
            headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${API_TOKEN}` },
            method: "GET"
        }
    );
    const result = await response.json();
    return result;
}
query().then((response) => {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(response));
});
```
</js>
<curl>
```curl
curl https://datasets-server.huggingface.co/first-rows?dataset=duorc&config=SelfRC&split=train&offset=0&length=100 \
        -X GET \
        -H "Authorization: Bearer ${API_TOKEN}"
```
</curl>
</inferencesnippet>

The endpoint response is a JSON containing two keys:

- The [`features`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/about_dataset_features) of a dataset, including the column's name and data type.
- The slice of `rows` of a dataset and the content contained in each column of a specific row.

> For example, here are the `features` and the lice of `rows of the `duorc`/`SelfRC` train split from 0 to 100:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here are the `features` and the slice of `rows` of the `duorc`/`SelfRC` train split from 150 to 151:
```

### Images

Images are represented as a JSON object with three fields:

- `src`: URL to the image file
- `height`: height (in pixels) of the image
- `width`: width (in pixels) of the image

Here is an example of image, from the first row of the cifar100 dataset:

```json
// https://datasets-server.huggingface.co/rows?dataset=cifar100&config=cifar100&split=train&offset=0&length=100
{
  "features": [
    {
      "feature_idx": 0,
      "name": "img",
      "type": {"_type": "Image"}
    },
    ...
  ],
  "rows": [
    {
      "row_idx": 0,
      "row": {
        "img": {
          "src": "https://datasets-server.huggingface.co/cached-assets/cifar100/--/cifar100/train/0/img/image.jpg",
          "height": 32,
          "width": 32
        },
        "fine_label": 19,
        "coarse_label": 11
      },
      "truncated_cells": []
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

### Caching

The images and audio samples are cached by the datasets server temporarily.
Internally we empty the cached assets of certain datasets from time to time based on usage.

If a certain asset is not available, you may have to call `/rows` again.

## Truncated responses

> There is currently no truncation in `/rows`, contrary to `/first-rows`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently no truncation in `/rows`, contrarily to `/first-rows`.
```

Reviewer: better!
